hey guys what's up its me I'll go and
today when we taking a look at his Angie
prototype year 2013 honestly how does
his cow versa five but they didn't hit
him there take that ride the look in my
eyes is to stay oh ok so today when we
take a look at this Angie prototype I
actually bought this from my friend JD
I'm really excited about this cube um he
did tell me that he got it in brand-new
and he said that he did sticker it and
he lives the pieces been at the core
because um he figured that I would love
the little core which I'm glad he didn't
do that I wish it wasn't looked at all
or stickered but that's okay I'm happy
to have it so take a look he just used
regular down shades I'm the cube feels
like it's pretty tight got the tensions
kind of tight um I would probably have
my a little bit looser and some of you
might think this is listed it feels
different almost like it's not really
like a flush square in the hands um I
want to take a look at one of the pieces
real quick up and going out ok so here
it is I does not have torpedo which you
can see right there looks like there is
a little bit of lube not very much which
is good because I really do not want it
to Lu be stiff I can get one of these
apart wow this is really hard to maybe
not all right I'm not gonna even try to
get that apart just a little one to
check out a qualm piece so it looks like
a pretty much a standard zhanchi just
left orps and then the core here the
cores time like a whitish kind of Milky
a little bit of tannish color
but I'm really excited about this cube
um I want it one and I wasn't able to
get one now I think that I do believe
that i'm not mistaken with the
centerpieces are different let me grab
this is an original plastics and I think
the centerpieces are different
something's different edges and having a
brain fart as to what is right there
this is original plastic sanchi and that
piece right there for the most part
looks pretty much the same I think it's
the centerpiece that's different if i'm
not mistaken oh yeah I'm as you can see
on the left is actually the prototype
and on the right is the original pysanky
the center cap doesn't have these little
humping geez I don't know if you kind of
see that with the lighting right there
this this one doesn't have it you can
see it's completely smooth so that's the
only difference I'm not so sure if I'm
going to be adding to appeal to this
cube I guess I'll see if it needs it but
the 10 that could be why the tensions
are so tight so that it won't explode
and this actually one has my aluminum
core in there that i got from me three
cubes by the way um debating about
reviewing that there's nothing really
special about it I don't recommend it
it's just offensive for no reason so let
me go ahead alright so let's go go juice
for first terms yes it's really really
really really snappy that's why not bad
i think i don't hear the spring was a
little bit this feels unreal like this
doesn't even feel like a bitch you would
still like I don't know what it is it
just feels different it kind of reminds
me of life if as an Chi and the cx-3
were to mate and make a baby this is
what it be feeling kind of how it kind
of the way the shape is when you move
into your hands kind of reminds me of
a 6-3 in the sound also if it's pretty
loud but it's not as quiet as Angie
that's for sure and kind of the noise
there's is original plastic yeah this is
a lot louder I'm going to leave the core
i think it feels really good right on
the box just this is interesting I don't
know how I feel about it I don't know if
it's going one of those cues well I just
have you know for collection or if I
will actually you know use it um do
clicks off I can definitely it's the wow
I just really mess that up it definitely
does neat little I can hear that noise
of the springs that's annoying yeah it
feels pretty nice um I just wanna kinda
want to make this unboxing too long it
is an ice cube but i'm at their lube and
you know doing sauce on it that will
tell and i definitely need to just
attentions I don't like tensions but so
far it's pretty nice these are very rare
and I'm with what Eden was selling like
four of these and another friend of mine
bought two and JD bought one and he
actually sold to me so I'm so excited um
he doesn't have anymore just have one
close to me and I'm really grateful that
he's gonna do that because I really
wanted this I really want to buy when
they had them and I didn't get to it in
time so yeah this is a quick unboxing i
will be reviewing this Q and so thanks
guys are checking this out and I'll see
you guys on my next video